Dataset
Twitter's social network qualities allow access to regionally and personally relevant
information, while its information network properties promote global information contagion.
Twitter's unique properties make it especially beneficial for effective information transmission.
During the semi-final encounter between Pakistan and Australia in the T20 World Cup,
millions of Twitter users shared content relating to the match with varying opinions. The data
collection in this paper is derived from the Twitter Search API v2 endpoint. The dataset items
were acquired from Twitter between oct 20th and Nov 17th, 2021. All the files were in csv
format. The networks are provided in the form of edge lists. The name of the file tells whether
the network is directed or undirected. The dataset consists of following items.
Annotations Undirected data set contained more than sixteen thousand rows of twitter data
related to entities e.g., place, person, or organization. Hashtags Undirected data set consists of
approximately thirty-eight thousand entries of hashtags during world cup related to Pakistan vs
Australia semi final and entities related to Pakistan team. Mentions Directed data set contains
more than forty-one thousand rows with twitter user ids. Screen name for twitter user id
extracted using https://tweeterid.com/. Mention directed data set contains more than eighty-six
hundred tweeter user id. Replied to Directed network data set contains twenty-seven thousand
rows with conversation ids of relevant tweet. Json file that is provided with tweets contains the
tweet conversation id. Tweet and replies to tweet both are given in json file. The vital
information can be extracted using author ids related to tweets to get more significant analysis.
Retweeted Directed consist of more than forty thousand nodes. The nodes are conversation id
for tweet. The labels for each conversation id can be extracted using JSON file retweet
information. URL Undirected data set contained URLS that are placed in same tweet. For
example, and image and a video link both are pasted in same tweet, then there will be an edge
between image URL and video URL.
